You go out and wait a minute, we still have something to talk about
Then hurry up
Knife, do you know who Hongye is?
He's the godfather of the coastal underworld
Why is he looking for you?
Didn't wait for me to find him
He found me first
For no reason
What on earth is he doing with you?
No, you go home first.
I can't go back when I go out
I'm not assured.
Don't worry.
I'll be back soon, so be careful
Hello, I'm Hong Sijiu.
You are very good, Hong Sijiu, I am Zhao Yang
What are the orders of Master Zhao?
I heard that my brother Zhao Shanhu
Died on your turf
I want to know how many heads you have
Cut it for our Zhao family
No no no I was wrong
I didn't protect the second young master well
Please have a hangover.
Forgive me this time
I will definitely catch the murderer
He will apologize to you after he handles it.
Can you see it?
Oh, the killer was caught, caught
His name is Chen Xiaodao, bring it over right away
I don't care how you fix him
But hold your breath.
I'm going to do it myself
Then I will wait for you, young master.
Hongwei, let's hand over Chen Xiaodao
Then the Zhao family shouldn't embarrass us anymore, right?
That's one of the top three richest people in the country
Pulling out any hair will crush us to death